My initial understanding of the code base was that it was a standard Nodejs project that didn't use an frameworks apart from `Jest`.
Looking at the directory structure and filenames, I initially thought that, going by the filename alone, I could test the type of functionality
that was implemented in those files. But upon, skimming and really going through the files, I found that part of my initial understanding of the code base was flawed. For example, I initially thought that app.js was responsible for the bulk of the code base, and the other files were somewhat like utility files. But, this is not true. The project is indeed a standard Nodejs program, but the functionality that make up the business model, is split in the different files, allowing for careful encapsulation and  abstractions. For example, contrary to my initial thought, models.js does not contain utility functions to interact with objects, it actually contains stateful domain objects (object with data and methods). 

The insights I gained from "prompt  Prompt 1: Understanding Project Structure and Technology Stack", is that the prompt allowed me to test my initial understanding of the project structure, and helped me understand the technologies used. For example, I know that Jest is being used for testing, but within the test directory, I could not find a single import from jest in any of the test file. The prompt led the AI to point out and teach me that jest injects global variables, and that is now the tests are able to use functions from jest without importing them. This is import, because it decreases the initial confusion of the project, allowing me to quickly get a mental models of the project. In the case, I was working with others, the prompt also gives me questions to ask other developers, to better understand, and show an intent to understand and work on the project.

After going through the exercises and using the prompts, my approach to implement new business logic is to first locate the files and objects that handle something similar to what the new logic/feature will do. For example, if I was asked to extend the functionality of the program to handle `automatic` deletion of completed tasks. The approach that the AI prompts helped me develop is to first find a current feature that does something similar or something that would help facilitate the new feature. In this case, I would be modifying the `load` method of the TaskStorage, because loads tasks, and so, when instantiating  an new task, we would look at the `taskData.complete` and if its complete, we would skip instantiating the task. 



